# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

About changelog [here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

Please add a new candidate release at the top after changing the latest one. Feel free to copy paste from the "squash and commit" box that gets generated when creating PRs

## [12.3.0]

### Changed

- Class ConfigHandler moved from Trailblazer codebase into CG codebase
- FastqHandler methods moved from Trailblazer to AnalysisAPI
- Merged MipAPI and AnalysisAPI for mip_rna and mip_dna into one meta-api class
- Adjusted tests to support the new architecture
- Removed (unused/deprecated)run method which was used to execute MIP through Trailblazer

### Fixed

- MIP workflow once again performs check to skip evaluation
- MIP workflow once again updates StatusDB about the case status


## [12.2.0]

### Changed

- Merged methods cases_to_mip_analyze and cases_to_balsamic_analyze, now called cases_to_analyze for any pipeline.
- Made method cases_to_deliver pipeline aware
- Made method cases_to_store pipeline aware
- Made method cases_to_clean pipeline aware
- Added option to apply read count threshold for cases_to_analyze based on panel in ClinicalDB
- Updated MIP and BALSAMIC workflows to utilize the new methods
- Added tests for new methods in balsamic workflow
- Removed class FastqAPI. FastqAPI was only used by BALSAMIC, and contained one method. The method is now moved to FastqHandler class.




## [12.1.6]
### Fixed
- Create crunchy pending path outside batch script


## [12.1.5]
### Fixed
- support current orderform RML-1604:9 again

## [12.1.4]
### Changed
- Use long description from setup.py on PyPI


## [12.1.3]
### Fixed
- Use another parameter in build and publish


## [12.1.2]
### Fixed
- Syntax in github action build and publish workflow

## [12.1.2]
### Added
- Build and publish on pypi with github actions

## [12]
### Added
- Create a meta-API (BalsamicAnalysisAPI) to handle communication between balsamic and other cg applications. The API will handle the following:
   - Calling BalsamicAPI to execute balsamic commands
   - Query Lims and StatusDB to decide what arguments to pass to Balsamic
   - Read (new version of) deliverables report generated by Balsamic and store bundle in Housekeeper + StatusDB
- More info in https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/cg/pull/687

### Changed
- Reduce number of options that can/should be passed to run the workflow. Most of the logic for determining the options will be handled by BalsamicAnalysisAPI.
- Every command now requires sample family name as argument.
- No longer support using sample_id to link files for sake of consistency.

## [11]
### Changed
- Removes all interactions with the beacon software

## [10.1.2]
### Fixed
- Fixed so that empty gzipped files are considered empty considering metadata


## [10.1.1]
### Added
- Adds a CHANGELOG.md
